CI ITEM LAB v0.3 - SINGLEPLAYER TEST ENVIRONMENT

Project: BannerlordMod\mods\CIItemLab
Installed game module: Mount & Blade II Bannerlord\Modules\CIItemLab
Built against your installed Bannerlord v1.4.8 and local CI Modpack v1.8.2.0.

QUICK START
1. Close Bannerlord and double-click Launch CI Item Lab.cmd in this folder.
2. Load your CI Item Lab sandbox save, or create a new Sandbox test character.
3. Press F8 on the campaign map to open the normal inventory/equipment view.
4. All 1,894 CI and Asset Test items appear on the LEFT, with ten copies of each.
5. Use the LEFT search box, category icons, and Type/Name sort buttons. Transfer
   items to your party or equip them directly. Press Done to keep your changes.
6. Press F9 on the map, choose an arena and a mode, and test your battle gear.

ITEM CATALOG
The left-hand catalog is regenerated every time you press F8. It includes the
entire CI collection at once: no result pages and no preliminary search dialog.
Transfers are free. Normal item tooltips, previews and equipment slots work.
Lab-only display labels make the native inventory search useful:
  [Shield | CI] ... [original_item_id]
  [Helmet | BRE] ... [original_item_id]
  [Sword | CI] ... [original_item_id]
Search by category (shield, helmet, shoulders, armor, gloves, boots, horse,
harness, sword, axe, mace, polearm, bow, crossbow, arrows, bolts), pack label
(CI, BRE, OSA, BUA, SW, VL, NV, etc.), original name, or original item ID.
Search labels apply only to isolated lab copies; original CI files are intact.
Make sure the category filter is All if a search appears to miss an item.

ARENA CONTROLS
F9 on the campaign map opens a picker for six native arenas:
Imperial, Vlandian, Battanian, Sturgian, Aserai and Khuzait.
Then choose:
  Explore        Free movement, with your equipped horse if present; no opponent
  Spar on foot   Fight an Imperial recruit using your current battle equipment
  Mounted spar   Bring your equipped horse and fight a Vlandian champion
In the arena:
  F8    Leave the arena and reopen the catalog to swap gear
  F9    Restart the same arena and mode
  F10   Return to the campaign map
You can also use the normal leave controls. Press Done after changing gear,
then F9 on the map to choose the next arena. Horse mode requires a horse and
appropriate harness equipped in your battle slots. Civilian slots are separate.
The arena is a standalone mission. Your campaign party stays in place. There
are no rewards, tournament entries, or campaign party casualties. Test-agent
callbacks do not persist health changes, hero deaths, or combat XP. Sparring
uses a nonlethal agent-state decider. Agents begin each round at 100 health.

OPTIONAL ADVANCED SEARCH
Ctrl+F8 on the map retains the earlier dialog search. It can search vanilla and
other loaded items with all: prefixes, or remove unused lab gear with clear.
The default F8 catalog shows CI items and the additional Asset Test entries.
  all: sword    Dialog search across all loaded item sources
  inventory     Open your party's inventory without the catalog
  clear         Remove unequipped CI lab items from your party's inventory

SAVE AND LAUNCHER
Use a dedicated test save named CI Item Lab. Keep this module enabled while
lab gear is stored or equipped in that save. A new setup save must be created
in the actual game; this workspace does not include a fabricated save file.
The launch command selects Native, SandBoxCore, CustomBattle, Sandbox,
StoryMode, and CIItemLab without changing your saved launcher selections.
Alternatively enable those modules on the Singleplayer Mods tab and put
CIItemLab after Sandbox/StoryMode. Restart the game after updating the DLL.

LOCAL CI ASSET DEPENDENCY
The installed module's AssetPackages, Assets, ModuleSounds and Prefabs are
junctions to the original Workshop folder:
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\workshop\content\261550\3245522442
Keep CI Modpack installed. Its original files have not been modified.
This avoids copying 11 GB of assets. The workspace package is not a standalone
redistributable copy of the CI art. Refresh after CI/game updates by running:
  .\tools\Build-Lab.ps1
  .\tools\Install-Lab.ps1

COMPATIBILITY
Lab item/crafting IDs use a cilab_ prefix to avoid replacing vanilla definitions.
Necessary native multiplayer crafting pieces are included as isolated copies.
Multiplayer flags and campaign-incompatible neutral culture references have
been adapted. Duplicate definitions and stale optional smithing references
are omitted. Explicit item difficulty attributes are zero for easier testing.
Original equipment stats are otherwise preserved. Search labels are literal
English category/pack labels followed by the source item's original name/ID.
CI multiplayer DLLs, game modes and scripts are not loaded. Script-dependent
special effects may therefore behave differently from the multiplayer mod.

VERIFICATION
C# compilation and XML/item/crafting reference checks pass. Arena scene files
are checked against the installed game. Actual in-game loading, rendering,
catalog transfers, arena spawning, combat and returning remain unverified.

FILES
src\CIItemLab\             Mod C# source
module\CIItemLab\          Generated module and DLL
tools\                     Conversion, validation, build, install and launch
 docs\item-catalog.json     Every searchable name, category, pack and ID
 docs\validation-report.json  Latest static checks
build\                     Compiler output

UNINSTALL
Close the game. Remove the four asset junctions themselves before deleting
Modules\CIItemLab. Do not delete the Workshop folders they point to.

v0.3: COLORS AND UNUSED EQUIPMENT
F7 on the campaign map selects a CI clan color profile for shared/team-colored
items. The default is Gibraltar. Dedicated items use their own identified clan
palette. After changing profiles, close and reopen the F8 inventory. Profiles
are session settings and reset to Gibraltar on game restart.
Clothing colors are applied using the native masked cloth-color helper, which
respects no_team_color mesh tags and preserves uncolored metal/texture detail.
The inventory color hooks affect only cilab_ items. Arena player spawning uses
the equipped dedicated item's palette, or the selected shared-item profile.

The catalog now contains 1,894 entries: 1,459 original CI definitions plus 435
Asset Test entries. Extras include 110 assembled crafting-component weapons,
4 complete polearm meshes, 1 other weapon, and 320 armor/mount/shield entries.
Search Asset Test to show the new entries, or a package label such as BUA,
OpenSourceArmory, 3Swadian, 4Vlandian1, 5Vlandian2, or Crafting.
Asset Test entries use inferred types and copied test stats. They are for visual
and equipment testing, not an authoritative recreation of upstream item stats.
Some component test weapons combine a new component with a native recipe.
Their scale, collisions and balancing require in-game checks. Other raw meshes
are props, cloth helpers, variants, attachments or unclassified components;
they are recorded in docs/asset-expansion-report.json. This is not a claim that
every raw mesh is a complete, usable weapon or armor item.
AssetInventory indexes all TPAC files in the locally installed CI folder.
The TpacTool metadata reader and its license live under shared/tools/TpacTool.
Harmony is bundled with the lab DLL; no separate Harmony module selection is
needed. Source CI assets and multiplayer module files remain unchanged.

Color appearance, generated equipment and test weapons still need in-game QA.

Photo destinations: F9 now includes six cultural taverns and four keep halls. These open on foot without opponents, using your battle equipment. F8 returns to the catalog; F9 restarts the scene; F10 returns to the campaign map. The scene provides the native photo-mode view. Interiors use their sp_player spawn point. Scene files and spawn prefabs were checked; in-game lighting and photo controls still need a visual check.
Catalog diagnostics: Opening F8 records loaded item IDs/types and displayed row counts under Documents\Mount and Blade II Bannerlord\CIItemLab\diagnostics. The launcher installs the current workspace build before starting the game.

Inventory search now matches visible names without case sensitivity (BUA/bua), including one-character searches, within the lab catalog only. Confirmed runtime catalog before quarantine: 1890 items. Four generated crafting tests currently fail initialization (res_flamberg_blade_b and res.zweihander guard/grip/pommel .b). Known native equip crash: BRE bre_kettlehelm_2 is quarantined from F8 and Ctrl+F8 catalogs; its definition is retained for save compatibility. Cause unconfirmed without a native crash stack. Other raw asset tests remain unverified in-game.
